In the last course section we learn about the basics of I want to and that is super important.
These are super important fundamentals.
Now we're going to take those fundamentals and use them in this core section where we built our first
application in the next electrum go to show you how this application will look like.
But before doing that I want to give you a brief overview over what we're going to cover in this section.
We will have an extensive look at the components.
I own two ships with like modals alerts leasts cards and a lot more.
You will learn how to use them.
Where to find out more about them and how they actually work.
We will also dive into navigation and not just stick to the basic navigation but also have a look at
how taps work how we can implement a side menu and how that differs to the normal navigation.
We will also have a look at how we can manage data as to how we can use angler's services in an ironic
application and how that will then work and we will have a look at modals and alerts I already mentioned
this but it's important because these are some key features how we can not only show them but also how
we can really use them by passing data to them and fetching data we get from there.
So these are all the things we're going to use.
And with that let's get started and see what we're actually going to build before we start building
it.